docs: revamp docs (#1425)
elastic/e2e-testing: e2e/QUICKSTART.md

- a `docker-compose.yml` file under `cli/config/compose/profiles/foo`, for the runtime dependencies. This descriptor includes the definition of the services that are needed by our tests before they are run. The sample file contains an Elasticsearch instance, but it could include Kibana, Fleet Server, or any other service in the form of a Docker container.
- a `foo.feature` feature file under the **features** directory. This directory is the default location for the Gherkin feature files. Although it can be changed to any other location, using the `opts` structure, we recommend keeping it with the default value:

```go
    // changing the default path is not recommended
    opts := godog.Options{
		Paths:     []string{"new-location"},
	}
```

You are able now to read the content of the sample feature file - `vim features/foo.feature`

``` gherkin
Feature: eat godogs
  In order to be happy
  As a hungry gopher
  I need to be able to eat godogs

  Scenario: Eat 5 out of 12
    Given there are 12 godogs
    When I eat 5
    Then there should be 7 remaining
```

### Step 4 - Create godog step definitions

> **NOTE:** same as **go test**, godog respects package level isolation. All your step definitions should be in your test suite root directory. In this case: **foos**.

Reviewer: Should this be `foo`?

> **NOTE:** same as **go test**, godog respects package level isolation. All your step definitions should be in your test suite root directory. In this case: **foos**.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** same as **go test**, godog respects package level isolation. All your step definitions should be in your test suite root directory. In this case: **foo**.
```

> If we run godog inside the test suite: - `godog`. We can either use Go tools: - `go test -v --godog.format=pretty`

Reviewer: I think this could be worded a little better and honestly we could probably disregard the use of running `godog` directly and just document using `go test` for everything

> If we run godog inside the test suite: - `godog`. We can either use Go tools: - `go test -v --godog.format=pretty`

Author: ```suggestion
From the test suite directory, you can directly run idiomatic Go commands to run the tests: - `go test -v --godog.format=pretty`, or leverage the build system: - `make functional-test`
```

1.025856125s
testing: warning: no tests to run
PASS
ok      github.com/elastic/e2e-testing/e2e/_suites/foo  1.331s
```

You may change **return godog.ErrPending** to **return nil** in the three step definitions and the scenario will pass successfully.

Also, you may omit error return if your step does not fail.

```go
func iEat(arg1 int) {
	// Eat arg1.
}
```

### Step 5 - Add some logic to the step definitions

At this time we recommend moving all the implementation methods to the `FooTestSuite` struct, so that we can pass state and logic between a scenario's steps with ease.

```go
func InitializeFooScenario(ctx *godog.ScenarioContext) {
    // ...
    ctx.Step(`^I eat (\d+)$`, testSuite.iEat)
    // ...
}

func (fts *FooTestSuite) iEat(arg1 int) {
	// Eat arg1.
}
```

### Step 6 - Add your custom logic to the step definitions

Now that you created your first scenario, you can continue with the next steps: working on an existing test suite, but it's probably a good idea to check out our brief introduction to `Test specification with Gherkin` below. It will provide you the bare minimal concepts about Gherkin clauses and BDD.

## Test specification with Gherkin

> All the Gherkin (Cucumber) specifications are written in `.feature` files. The anatomy of a feature file is:

Reviewer 2: It's a bit unclear from reading this section how the Gherkin specs related to the godog explanation above. Do they work together in tandem? If so, how?
